Docs/dev docs (#2134)
Unleash/unleash: website/docs/contributing/backend/overview.md

# Backend

The frontend is written in nodejs/typescript. It's written as a REST API following a CSR (controller, service, repository/store) pattern. The following ADRs are defined for the backend:

## ADRs

We have created a set of ADRs to help guide the development of the backend:

* [Naming](./ADR/naming.md)
* [Preferred export](./ADR/preferred-export.md)

## Requirements

Before developing on this project you will need two things:

> - PostgreSQL 10.x or newer

Reviewer: I think we should up it to psql 12.

- Node.js 14.x or newer

```sh
yarn install
yarn run start:dev
```

## PostgreSQL {#postgresql}

To run and develop unleash, you need to have PostgreSQL database (PostgreSQL v10.x or newer) locally.

> > Unleash currently also work with PostgreSQL v9.5+, but this might change in a future feature release, and we have stopped running automatic integration tests below PostgreSQL v10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Unleash currently also work with PostgreSQL v12+, but this might change in a future feature release, and we have stopped running automatic integration tests below PostgreSQL v10.
```

Wh
### Create a local unleash databases in postgres {#create-a-local-unleash-databases-in-postgres}

```bash
$ psql postgres <<SQL
CREATE USER unleash_user WITH PASSWORD 'passord';
CREATE DATABASE unleash;
GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON DATABASE unleash to unleash_user;
CREATE DATABASE unleash_test;

> GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON DATABASE unleash_test to unleash_user;

Reviewer: The test database also needs to be configured to use UTC due to how we run our e2e tests. 
```suggestion
GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON DATABASE unleash_test to unleash_user;
ALTER DATABASE unleash_test SET timezone TO 'UTC';
```
